Adding transform examples (#148)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/reference/transforms/replace-field.md

## Usage

> The following example hoists Venia's `name` field from the `ProductInterface` to the `label` field of `ProductImage`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example hoists the Adobe Commerce `name` field from the `ProductInterface` to the `label` field of `ProductImage`.
```

```json
{
  "meshConfig": {
    "sources": [
      {

>         "name": "Adobe Commerce Replace",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "name": "AdobeCommerce",
```

        "handler": {
          "graphql": {
            "endpoint": "https://venia.magento.com/graphql"
          }
        },
        "transforms": [
          {
            "replaceField": {
              "replacements": [
                {
                  "to": {
                    "type": "ProductImage",
                    "field": "label"
                  },
                  "from": {
                    "type": "ProductInterface",
                    "field": "name"
                  },
                  "scope": "hoistValue"
                }
              ]
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Can we delete the example below?
